Add documentation on Docker outputs (#181)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-isce2: README.md

1. Use a volume mount

Add the `-w /tmp -v [localdir]:/tmp` flags after docker run. `-w` changes the working directory of the container to `/tmp` and `-v` will mount whichever local directory you choose so that such that hyp3_isce3 outputs are preserved locally.

1. Copy outputs to remote object storage

Append the `--bucket` and `--bucket-prefix` to [WORKFLOW_ARGS]. *Only the final output files and zipped archive of those files is uploaded.* This also requires that AWS credentials to write to the bucket are available to the running container. For example, to write outputs to a hypothetical bucket `s3://hypothetical-bucket/test-run/`:

```
docker run -it --rm \
    -e AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=[YOUR_KEY] \
    -e AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=[YOUR_SECRET] \ 
    -e AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=[YOUR_TOKEN] \ 
    -e EARTHDATA_USERNAME=[YOUR_USERNAME_HERE] \
    -e EARTHDATA_PASSWORD=[YOUR_PASSWORD_HERE] \
    -e ESA_USERNAME=[YOUR_USERNAME_HERE] \
    -e ESA_PASSWORD=[YOUR_PASSWORD_HERE] \
    ghcr.io/asfhyp3/hyp3-isce2:latest \
      ++process [WORKFLOW_NAME] \
      [WORKFLOW_ARGS] \
      --bucket "hypothetical-bucket" \
      --bucket-prefix "test-run"
```

> Tip: you might can use [Docker `--env-file`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#env) to capture all the necessary environment variabes in a single file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: you can use [`docker run --env-file`](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/container/run/#env) to capture all the necessary environment variables in a single file.
```
